Manual Cherry-picking for #538 (#617)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/proc-customize-rhdh-homepage.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {product} using Helm Chart.

> For more information, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-helm[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on OpenShift Container Platform with the Helm chart].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-helm[{installing-on-ocp-book-title} with the Helm chart].
```
